 Hey everyone, welcome to the challenge after math live.  Woohoo, I am your host, Devon Simone, and not only is this a live casting special with  some of your favorite agents from the challenge spies, lies and allies, but we've gone interactive.  That's right, we're up in our game and you the viewers can participate and connect with  us in real time.  So whether you're watching on Facebook or Twitter or YouTube, you'll be able to comment  along, you can take live polls and even have a say in how parts of this show play out.  So comment your questions for the cast and I just might ask them during the show and stay  tuned because you won't want to miss it.  Now let's check out this preview of the challenge spies, lies and allies.  Welcome to the challenge, spies, lies, allies.  This guys are going to be lethal.  You've got team German, team Romanian, team Nigeria.  We are going over with this thing.  This is going to be fun.  So dirty game, bro.  What are you going to do about it?  Become for me, I'm coming for you.  Let's go, baby, I love it.  Wow, this season looks wild.  I'm excited to welcome some of our cast here.  We have Nelson, Nani, Amanda and Devon in the studio.  Welcome you guys.  Welcome.  I'm so excited.  I'm so excited.  Okay, rapid fire.  Give me one word to describe the season of the challenge.  Nelson, start with...  Epic.  Intense.  Unpredictable.  Incredible.  There you go.  Nelson stole that thing out there.  We went over this and Epic was taken.  There's that.  I love it.  We're over to getting into it.  And so we also have two global agents.  There's that.  I love it.  We're over to getting into it.  And so we also have two global agents joining us virtually  from the UK.  Please give a big warm challenge.  Welcome to Big T and Kyle.  Hey guys.  Woo.  Woo.  It's looking good over there.  And Big T looks all tropical.  I'm loving it.  I'm loving the vibe.  Now, I know how you guys are.  All right, so I called TJ and he let me this.  All right, I don't want any spoilers because this is live.  So if you say something not supposed to say,  you can hear this sound.  I told you it's loud.  It is.  Y'all, it's loud.  It's terrible.  So that means stop talking immediately  or they're going to keep making the sound.  I'm looking at you, Amanda.  I'm thinking of which Amanda, it's so good to have you back.  If you've been gone a long time.  Tell me, what have you been up to your mom now, right?  Like what's going on?  So I was a nurse during this crazy pandemic.  And I had my son and I've just been,  I've been being a mom and working as a nurse.  And now I decided to come back with all of these crazy people.  So here I am.  And what's competing as a mom?  Is it different for you?  A different experience?  Oh my gosh, it's so much different.  Like I have always been known to be the crazy person.  And at this point, I've always been crazy  and never had to think about somebody.  So now I'm always thinking my son's probably  going to eventually see this and yelling at these people.  But I am a mom and moms are bad ass.  So I hope I said the bar high for all moms.  Yes, Quayla.  I love that.  And speaking of setting the bar high, Kyle,  you're about to join the dead body club.  I hear congratulations.  Yeah, thank you.  I've always been part of the dead body club, though.  I've never had a great body.  So I've actually always been part of it.  So you don't have to flatten me like that.  Are you excited to be a new dead Kyle?  I'm very excited.  I didn't really want to be a dad ever in my life.  And then when I seen the scan for the first time,  it was just something insane.  It was like something surreal.  Saying that happy for the first time.  Just changed me as a man.  Oh, that's, oh my god.  Are we seeing a soft side of Kyle that we never get to see?  Oh, these are my heart.  Well, we're really excited for you, Kyle.  I know everyone here is.  And Nani, man, we started the challenge journey  together.  This is now your 11th season.  How does it feel to be back?  Oh my goodness, seven.  People ask me this question all the time.  They're like, Nani, you've done 10 seasons.  This is your 11th.  You've never won.  Why do you keep coming back?  And the answer remains the same.  I love this game.  That's why I keep coming back.  There's no other way to describe it.  I love competing.  I love traveling the world with these crazies.  And that's why I come back every time.  And we love seeing you back.  We're here for it.  And I heard rumors you're becoming like the house mom.  We don't have to get into it.  Apparently, that's why.  That's what we're going about now.  I tell you what's the 7-ko-team on.  I don't know.  I don't know.  That was just where it all seemed.  That cup was.  You were back here, back here, back here.  That cup was right there.  It did.  She's a new girl's mom, where she's like the cool mom.  Yes, yes.  You're doing good, honey, but I can totally see Nani being that.  The other word on the street is, Devon, you and Josh  took a little trip together.  But tell us about that.  A couple, actually.  Well, actually, after we were eliminated on double agents,  I had to just extend the olive branch  because it would have been pretty awkward  to be sharing our elimination hotel room together  if we were feuding.  So after that, we got to get to know each other  and coming into this season.  Me and Josh have just figured out  that we are better allies than enemies.  And I think that everybody in this room can attest to that.  So we're going to get to watch a play out.  Oh, look at that.  So much love already starting off this season.  We'll see if it stays there.  In addition to this crew who will be with us  for the entire show, we also have Josh here with us  for a very cool night.  Yeah.  Yes, Josh.  Thank you, Josh, and a dunking.  Oh, my God.  Look at this.  I'm excited for grading this.  Looking good over there, Josh.  How are you feeling?  I'm instantly regretting my decision  of getting the plunge in this water.  But we're going to give the people what they want.  They want to torture me, so bring all the smoke.  Let's do it.  And I'll get it.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Me, OK.  We are bringing all the smoke.  Or in this case, we're bringing all the water.  So this is how it's going to work.  I have chosen a super secret word that you at home  have to guess.  If at least 100 of you mentions that word in the comments,  Josh gets dumped.  That means Josh's faith is in your hands.  Look, I read Reddit.  I know some of y'all been wanting to dunk Josh.  So go ahead.  Peruvian.  Peruvian.  Peruvian.  He said it.  Once you see this blue siren goes up,  that means it's about to go down.  There it is right there.  OK.  I'm going to start you guys off with a clue  of my super secret word.  So the first letter of my secret word  is also the first letter of a country where  Carmeria won a final.  It's the first letter of a country where  Carmeria won a final.  Now, while you guys think about what that word could be,  let's go ahead and start the show.  Now, when it came to the cast for this season,  they really mixed it up.  So we had some familiar faces with Big Brother.  We had brought in some survivor peeps.  We brought in some of your failed challenge bets.  But then we decided to throw in a twist,  because, well, we're the challenge.  And the challenge decided to go global.  Let's get a glimpse into this worldwide cast of characters.  I want to lose coming back this year.  Here's the spying, scheming, plotting, planning.  So how many guys, if anybody other than like an alumni,  doesn't win the game?  I'm in a camera about 12 beers tonight,  but I'm sick of these little f******s pushing me around.  We have new young blood coming on to this show,  trying to take it over.  I'll be damned if I let that happen.  We have people from Big Brother.  We have people from survivor.  So we are outnumbered.  I love international cast.  It's almost like traveling to other parts of the world  to be out other people.  You've got team Romania, team Nigeria.  Yeah!  Unfortunately, for some reason,  this was the hottest cast I've ever seen in my life.  We got the song.  We got the chorus.  They're going to be in the key.  You might get laid.  You have the feeling that something's going to happen,  but you don't know what it is.  I'm just here, you go.  Yeah.  Oh, my God.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Oh, my God.  Let's go.  Let's go.  So it looks like we have a lot of new cast this season.  Kyle, how did that shake things up?  What did you say, sorry, I can't hear you.  So it looks like we have a lot of new cast this season.  How did that shake things up?  And it shook things up massively.  The problem is, to me, is on the first night,  I came in with the new cast and people will say that.  And I didn't realize that we were all going to be  all right with each other.  And that caused problems for me,  because I rallied everyone together,  and then I had to do some damage control.  So it sounds like you went in talking to big game Kyle,  and then had to switch up your game plan real quick, real fast.  Yeah, yeah.  Yeah.  Ah.  And Nani, as an OG, was it refreshing to see so many new faces  or was it kind of scary?  Because you're like, oh, hell, I don't know these people.  A little bit of both.  I think it was refreshing to see new faces,  just because they're all from different parts of the world  and to see them come onto the challenge  and be so grateful for the opportunity.  That was refreshing, but it was also scary,  because there were so many of them.  And so you walk in and you're like, yeah, you're a vet  and you think you have the game figured out,  and then you see how the cast is new.  And you're like, OK, well, there's not very many of us left.  So we got to think of something and think of something fast.  Because this is one of the first times it seems like the bets  might almost be outnumbered, right?  And that can be, you know, we're not used to seeing that  on the challenge.  No, at all.  Big T, the challenge has gone global  with so much representation from around the world.  How does it feel to be a part of that?  You know, it really is such a huge honor.  You know, for me, personally, I'm very passionate  of the fact that I was, you know,  working with people who were from Africa  and Nigeria, Romania.  It's just honestly just such an honor.  I haven't seen anything like this before  and any other show.  So it's really special.  It definitely makes the challenge unique.  Amanda, were you sizing up the cast when you arrived?  Like, God, yeah, I mean, it was nice coming in  and not having like everyone hate me.  So that was nice seeing like new faces.  I had a chance.  And I mean, all the girls looked fit.  So they didn't come in any less than any bet wood  and they came in ready to play.  So how did the boys look, Amanda?  The boys looked good.  I don't think there was one single guy that didn't look good.  So did you have a little list?  Or did you have some names that you were like,  ah, you know, I'm there for money, not love.  I've already been on a love show.  So I wasn't really there for love,  but I am looking to possibly politic, you know?  I need to make my way to the end.  Uh-huh.  That's one way to play the Gettips.  Yep, that's a way.  Big T, what about you?  Did you have your eyes on someone whose name  rhymes with Hogan or anybody?  I mean, you know, that might have occurred,  but you know, you saw the entrance.  All of the new people were all so hot.  My eyes were everywhere.  Well, let you, let you live with that for now.  I know you were.  But I feel like, eyes, hands, ever, I don't know.  It could have been a lot of different things.  Now, Deb, you're notorious for being  against the Big Brother Alliance.  We know that you are not a fan.  You talked about it before and after, Math.  Were you, what were your feelings  with all of these new survivor peeps coming into the house?  Like, were you already against a survivor alliance?  Are you going to give them a chance?  What can we expect?  Not a big new show on the challenge guy.  And I started this season literally  in between Josh and Fessie in a small car.  So I had to backtrack the whole Big Brother sucks thing  a little bit.  But I also needed to learn from my previous mistakes  because I wanted to be successful on this season.  So these survivor players, especially the international ones,  they don't play the game for one month.  They played for five and a half.  So if I'm going to set my sights on somebody,  it's better be somebody that I think I can beat.  And without knowing too much about these new survivor folks,  they are strong, they're smart, and they did their research.  So there's still a little bit of me not really  loving kind of going international and global  and bringing in different shows because I don't know the people.  But I needed to just bite my tongue.  And I think it worked out well for me.  Yeah.  And Nelson.  So we have Tasha and Esther coming in from Big Brother, Nigeria.  And I know Tasha comes with an army of fans.  I have senior, I have senior on social media, Tasha Titans.  Do you feel like they're going to come in and stick  to their alliance kind of together, having that experience?  Do you think they're going to be open to everyone in the house?  You know what?  I don't know what to expect to be honest with you,  because these rookies have done their homework.  I have no idea what these rookies have planned.  Are they going to come together?  Are they going to come with the vets?  Who knows what's going to unfold?  But I'm telling you, these rookies are the truth,  and they're coming for the win.  And it ain't going to be easy.  I'll let you know that right now.  And Tasha, Esther, whoo, killers, killers.  I love them, trust me.  You're going to expect a lot from them.  And Devon, so we've got a lot of people from dating shows,  right?  So we have love island Germany, a paradise hotel,  Sweden, an X on the beach, double dutch.  You are on RE, the one.  Do you feel like coming from a dating show  has an advantage in a game like the challenge?  You think it has a disadvantage?  Yeah, don't forget 12 dates of Christmas.  Whatever that is.  Yeah.  Also in there.  I think some people were trying to forget that, Devon.  Yeah.  Yeah, I mean, I don't think a dating show  offers you much of an advantage at all,  except that in some of those situations,  you do need to maybe use things outside of athleticism  to progress yourself in a game.  And people with that experience tend  to do well on the politics inside of the challenge.  So my favorite part about this particular season  was that people's strengths were stronger than they've  ever been, and everyone was more well-rounded.  So even the people from dating shows were very athletic.  Even the people from Survivor were very good with politics,  and you'll see dating.  So we didn't really have too many people that were low-hanging  fruit, and honestly, probably the best cast I've seen.  Yeah.  Awesome.  That's so exciting.  I know it's a fan that's super exciting to watch.  And you fans, we haven't forgotten about you guys,  and we're so excited that you are watching.  Let's take a question from one of you guys,  because remember, we're live, and this is interactive.  So I'm going to take a question that you guys have  for the cast, and hopefully it's something appropriate.  Do we have that question?  I'm good.  Come on.  I know.  You missed you.  No, hold back.  That's it.  Let me go.  This is your show.  The other question that we have is for Kyle.  And it said, Kyle, did you break any fingers this time around?  I broke every single thing.  I don't want to spoil anything.  But I broke every single thing and every single tour as well,  which was a weird flex.  But yeah, I broke every single one.  I feel like Kyle is doing what we've seen him do  on other seasons, which is lie a little bit.  I feel like I'm going to be a bad name, Devon.  I can't know.  You can't know.  You guys come get lies and scrum me over because of this.  Kyle, you know I love you, but you're  not glad they're watching me after math.  But you know I'm just teasing I love you.  And now let's talk about some of our new cast members.  I have a few fun facts about two of our international rookies,  Emmy and Emanuel.  So let's start with Emanuel.  So he's originally from Survivor, Romania.  And he has a love of tattoos and inspirational quotes.  And now Emanuel loves inspirational quotes and tattoos.  So much that he has one that says everything is possible  and another one that says without fear.  Emanuel is also a professional dancer, choreographer,  and he performed on celebrity duets in Lebanon.  Then we have Emmy, Emmy, who is spicy, you guys will see.  And she's also from Survivor, Romania.  And she's a female rapper and singer, I told you, spicy.  She has known for her song, See You Do Not Cry, which  has 23 million views on you.  She also competed on X Factor and was featured  in a show called Bravo, You Have Style.  Now viewers at home, this is your first mission.  Answer the poll on your screen and tell us who you would rather  spend 24 hours with.  So answer that poll really quick.  Who do you guys think?  Emmy.  Emmy.  Emmy.  Emmy.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Eater is going either way and it looks like Emanuel is the one  who was chosen.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  Emanuel.  It's swinging, but up.  And that is.  So it looks like Emanuel is the one that you guys chose.  We'll see if you guys still feel that way.  After you watch this season, you just might.  I love that.  Now let's talk a little bit about this beautiful location.  It is absolutely stunning.  Croixia looks absolutely gorgeous.  Let's take a look at it.  Let's go.  Let's go.  We're on the ground.  Yeah, I didn't see the light of day in the bunker, but this season, it was just incredible.  We were all on our bikinis almost every day.  The sun was shining, and we were loving it.  Just breathing the fresh air is amazing.  And Kyle, can you speak to that?  The weather changed for you, being in Croatia versus previous seasons, like Iceland,  what are your thoughts?  Huge lead.  The bunker fell.  You were just trapped all the time.  I think a lot of people freaked out because of that.  It added a new element to the game.  Whereas Croixia, for the first part of it, we fell out on spring break.  I think that's why everyone started hooking up with each of it, to be honest.  It was perfect.  It was absolutely perfect.  That works out well.  And the bar looks really sick.  I don't remember a bar like that in our free agent's house or a battle of the seat.  No, I'm looking at you TV.  We all thought we were walking into a dating show.  The way this house works, the pool, the hot tub, the two gyms, oh my, the sauna.  Are you giving us a hint of how you behave this season, Nelson?  I feel like a dating show.  I thought I was on a dating show at one point.  Oh, oh, oh.  I know.  Okay, so Croixia sounds awesome.  Nelson's behavior, not so much.  And I'm definitely going to take a trip to Croixia soon.  But let's play some trivia to see just how familiar you are with previous challenge locations from around the world.  So everyone at home, you can play along by chatting your answer wherever you're watching.  Big T's nervous, I hear it.  All right, let's get into it.  Challengeers, can you grab your boards, which are behind you?  Are we okay?  And Kyle and Big T have yours as well.  You're going to grab your boards, you're going to keep your answers a secret until I tell you reveal.  So we've played trivia behind your seat.  There you go.  There you go.  Your life.  Surprise.  Oh, for one.  So I'm going to read it too.  You're going to keep your, because y'all know some of y'all cheat.  Okay, so you're going to keep your answer secret and then I'll tell you when to reveal.  So many of those hands, Kyle.  You're going to keep your answer secret.  Okay, and everyone at home, you guys can play along too.  All right, so question number one.  In what country has the challenge been filmed the most?  In what country has the challenge been filmed the most?  I'm curious to see if you guys at home.  Guess the perfect thing I've got it.  Okay, you guys get three, two, one.  Turn over your boards.  Okay, so we have Thailand, Thailand, Mexico, Thailand.  We have a lot of Mexico's and Thailand's.  You guys were so wrong.  It's actually the USA.  And I will say this.  It's because you have to include early seasons.  Yeah.  The early seasons were largely across the USA.  Oh, wow.  And I will admit it doesn't count.  We weren't even alive.  We were going to tell Mark Long you said that.  That one was sort of tricky because I even had to double check you guys that answer.  All right, so we're at zero.  It's all right.  Question number two.  When was the last season of the challenge that was filmed in Mexico?  So when was the last season of the challenge that was filmed in Mexico?  I love the face.  Big T is making a question.  If we missed this one.  Yeah.  We got problems.  Last season of the challenge.  Does films in Mexico?  Okay, guys, ready? Flip your boards.  Bible, study.  We're all in the same.  It's our game.  It's our game.  We have headlines.  And we have who's a big T's adventure.  Big T's adventure.  No, no, C-C-T's big adventure.  That was C-T's big adventure.  That was C-T's big adventure.  That was C-T's big adventure.  That was C-T's big adventure.  So that was close Kyle.  But you guys are correct.  Rivals three.  Good job.  All right.  People on the couch have one on the board.  All right, the next one.  In what country did C-T win his first final?  I see Claire Johnstone at home is playing.  She's typing her answers in the chat.  Make sure you guys are playing at home too.  All right, flip your boards.  Thailand.  We have Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Costa Rica, Argentina, Thailand with West.  I love when Devin tries for extra credit and we're at the end of the show.  That was the one you were doing the both.  Got out West.  We got a lot of Thailand.  I see in the chat.  See Margot put Thailand.  And the cry's answer is Thailand.  Good job.  Good job.  All right.  Are y'all keeping track of points?  Y'all know we don't do math well.  I know.  I know.  But I feel like, okay, good.  All right.  Number three or number four.  Are we on, yep, we're on four.  Where did the gauntlet two films?  Where was gauntlet two films?  Connie, little hint, please.  No.  All right.  Don't cheat.  I know.  Okay.  All right.  All right.  All right.  All right.  All right.  All right.  All right.  All right.  Don't cheat.  I know.  Okay.  Three.  Okay.  Hold on.  No way.  Hold on.  Nelson, you're turning your board early.  Got a way.  Don't bother that.  I'm not bothered about that.  I was trying to get you to cheat.  Okay.  Turn.  Turn boards.  Hold them up.  We got Panama.  We got Costa Rica question mark.  Panama, Panama, Colombia, and Uruguay.  And the correct answer is you guys were also close.  But wrong.  It was Trinidad and Tobago.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Pretty sure I got Uruguay wrong too.  It's above the count step.  All right.  Here's another one.  I feel like you guys should know this one.  All right.  Question six.  The challenge vendetta's final happened where?  The challenge vendetta's final?  I know.  Oh.  Happened where?  Challenge vendetta.  Not if you don't stop.  It's vendetta.  It's someone else's board.  I can't.  All right.  One, two.  Turn your boards, guys.  Turn your boards guys.  You have South Africa, South Africa, we have Prague.  We have Chile, question mark, and pro, you have pro.  We're not sure.  I think the question.  The correct answer is Prague.  The car is definitely my wife.  She don't need it.  Just got up on it.  It's an idiot here.  There's a nobody there.  I hope the guys at home are doing much better than this cast.  It's my hint for the live audience.  Wow.  Car a one.  All right, how many seasons have taken place in South Africa?  How many seasons have taken place in South Africa?  OK.  Is it one, two, three, or four?  Stop two.  One, two, three, or four.  I'm going to give you a hint.  OK, ready?  And turn your boards.  We have three, three, Kyle.  What do you have?  Three.  We have two, two, three.  The correct answer is two.  Yeah.  Oh, that's finally.  Who are you guys?  All right, good job.  Who are you guys?  All right.  And the next question, which will be our last question.  So those of you who are losing, try harder.  Nelson, I'm looking at you.  I got one point.  All right, including this upcoming season,  and how many countries has Anisa filmed,  including this upcoming season, not including spin-offs?  How many countries has Anisa filmed?  Let me get it.  Oh, god.  Oh, god.  It's going to be.  5, 4, 3, 4, 5, 4, 7, 3.  That's not what you just looked at.  I'm not going to look at it forever.  You know what?  I'm going to blow the air horn at you on.  You don't know what that.  All right, turn your boards, guys.  Not even that's a count.  Come on, come on.  15, 13, 15, 15, those who said 15.  Woo-hoo.  Woo-hoo.  Oh, total 10.  How's it going?  How are you?  I'm all right.  Yeah.  Good job, guys.  All right, so the winner is...  Nani.  Even though she cheated.  Woo-hoo.  You know, she didn't even reward cheaters around here.  I'm not really a fan of that, but I love you, Nani.  So Nani is the winner.  So congratulations, Nani.  We actually have a sweet surprise for you.  However, the audience, I'm going to pull you guys in on this one.  So you guys will actually get to pick the prize that Nani  goes home with, choose wisely.  But before we get to that, we're going to set up the prizes.  Let's check in with our boy, Josh.  You still has no clothes on over in that junk tank.  Josh, how's it going over there?  What are you saying?  I'm scared.  I'm ready to get dunked at this point, but...  Yeah, I'm excited.  You take other people.  Have you had a bath lately, Josh?  What?  Have you had a bath lately?  No, I was waiting for the dunk tank.  So there we go.  Perfect.  I'm glad that we could, you know, that we could...  Take care of you for that.  So I'm going to actually give you guys at home a little clue  so we can get Josh dunked.  So remember, you're trying to guess my super secret word.  I gave you one clue earlier.  My second clue is that the super secret word also happens  to be a challenge twist.  That's right, it is a twist that has been used in the challenge.  All right, so now, while you guys are figuring that out,  let's talk prizes.  So notting.  Yeah.  Our audience can give you three, one of three different things.  You have three options.  And in true challenge fashion, we're going to include a twist,  right, which is that the audience is picking.  So they can give you either some beautiful bottle of wine.  They can give you some night vision binoculars,  not sure what you're going to do with those.  Or a super secret mystery bag.  Mystery bag.  Oh my god.  Mystery bag.  Yeah.  100.  100 mentions is what Nani is going home with.  So go ahead and write it in the chat.  The first one that hits 100 is the thing that we are going to give.  NAN.  But in the meantime, while we're waiting for that,  I heard that the house this season,  and I took a little sneak peek, is sick.  It's absolutely insane.  So why don't we go crib style and take a quick tour of this?  I'm going to check out my crib.  OK, so Big T, this looks like this may be one of the sickest challenge houses in history.  Tell me what you were thinking, what was going through your mind when you walked in.  Well, it was so luxurious.  I thought, you know, there must be a catch.  It was like, this seems almost too good to be true.  What are they going to throw at us?  Are we actually staying here?  The fact that we had an outdoor pool, indoor pool,  we had this like floating cabana.  It's just those paradise, really.  It looked like paradise.  And tell me, NAN, tell me a little bit more about this pool situation.  What about it?  I mean, it was bomb.  And that you guys weren't wearing clothes most of the time,  and lounging by the pool.  I mean, honestly, you should probably ask Devon that question.  He was in a speedo in that pool almost every single day.  So every day?  Every day?  Every day?  If you have it, flaunt it.  You know, great pool, infinity pool.  It was a house that matched the cast.  Yeah, it was a house that, so it was big and beautiful and luxurious.  And you're saying you guys were big and beautiful and luxurious?  Is that nailed it?  That's the vibe.  I thought we were dreaming.  We were walking to the house.  We thought T.J. had some kind of twist.  We're not living here.  We're going to live outside.  Sorry to cut you off.  It looks like we have a prize that was selected for you.  The night vision was the night vision.  Night vision binoculars.  Go ahead, Nadi, and collect your prize.  Congratulations.  You're so striking.  Definitely.  Probably the more expensive prizes, but I don't know.  I don't know.  She's giving it up.  She's selling it on Spotify.  I don't know.  I don't know.  Y'all picked a gift.  She didn't know how to use it.  She's the other way.  Upside down in that way.  Wait.  No, I think she's the guy who did it.  No, I don't know how to use them.  I'm not.  Thank you guys.  Appreciate it.  She's the preacher sitting on the list.  Appreciate none of the lists.  Love that.  When I was on the challenge, right, one of the key things  was people looking for hookup.  Not me, y'all, but other people were looking for hookup spots  in the challenge house.  What was one of the good?  And I'm not giving anything away.  Just what would you say were one of the good hookup spots  in this challenge house?  I think one of the best hookup spots would be the steam room.  Ooh.  It's the steam room.  Yes, it's hot and heavy, baby.  Hot and heavy and sweat.  It sounds like you're talking for us.  I'm serious.  Let me throw it down, but that would be the number one spot  to me to be honest with you.  OK.  All right.  Good to know.  You think you have space over there?  Disinfect that steam room.  A big tea you're making faces over there.  Do you agree with the steam room being the best place?  I keyed the fancifulness.  Oh, you're pleased with the food.  Whoa.  You're in it.  I don't think I can count because you're in the UK.  I don't think you, they have the fit.  So that doesn't work.  I think that was good.  Done.  I guess we'll just have to watch and see,  but I am super excited.  Let's talk roommates, right?  That's a key thing when you're running into the house.  Who are you going to room with that can affect your game?  Amanda, were you happy with the room  without giving any spoilers?  Were you happy with the room and the roommates that you chose?  I was.  I was super happy.  And honestly, who you live with makes  a big difference on your entire game.  Like, some people like to go to a room  where they can politic and ease drop  in other people's conversations.  But for me, I need to live in a room with people  I can like, vibe with and have a sense of peace, you know?  Because the challenge also is always so crazy, right?  It's super, super stressful.  And Dev, with the house being so big this time,  do you feel like that made it easier?  Because people do their little huddles, right?  Trying to strategize and all of that.  But usually you can hear every,  you have to be super quiet because someone's always listening  and they can hear you.  With the house being so big,  do you feel like it was easier to kind of find a little  hideaway to strategize the game or was it the same?  100%.  I mean, last season in Iceland double agents,  there was literally two rooms, right?  We had a main house and then we had the other bedroom.  So, but this, the size of this house was a little bit  of a double edged sword because yes,  you could go away to have secret conversations,  but so could everybody else.  Yeah, right.  So you might be having a conversation with somebody  and then they go and have a conversation with somebody else  and you have no idea about it.  Right, right.  So it was beneficial in some senses,  but in others it was another factor of challenging anxiety  because you're wondering, well,  wait a minute, if they're not at the pool, where are they?  Yeah.  Right.  Yeah.  Why are you not involved?  They start trying to connect the dots  and things don't go so well.  Yeah, because it could be one of a few things, right?  They could either be strategizing away from you  about you or they could be hooking up with someone  or maybe hookups and relationships are always kind of  a big source of drama in this game.  So let's talk about it.  Mm-hmm.  So now, Nani, you came in single.  Yeah.  Did you have your eye on anyone?  Oh, come on.  Oh.  Go ahead, Spill.  You can spoke, because I was peeping your social media.  Tell us a little bit.  So yeah, of course I had my eye on somebody.  I had my eye on Casey, obviously.  That's my.  I know.  Look at all you like that.  I'm really, really, really glowing.  I love that.  And are your eyes still on that certain someone?  They never look.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God.  Oh, I should be talking.  I'm so excited about it.  Amanda, you came in single.  And it's been a while since we've seen you on a challenge.  Since we've seen you single, did you have your eye?  You talked about politicking.  Did you have your eye on anyone?  I mean, there was a few cute guys in the house that  really caught my eye, but you know, I don't want to spoil it.  But I'm definitely coming in as single Amanda.  So they caught your eye.  Did they catch anything else?  Were you throwing anything at them?  Did they?  No.  I'm not going to.  I can't tell you.  I would take that as a yes.  All right.  Let's take another audience question.  Because I'm not the only one that has questions  for you guys.  And choir minds want to know.  So we are interactive.  This is live, if you couldn't tell.  And so we are taking some questions directly from you.  So go ahead and type into the chat.  Anything that you want to know from this cast.  And I will ask them as long as it's appropriate.  All right.  Yes.  They can express yourself and ask you.  All right.  So you really feel.  Right.  Where are all the tools at?  Why are they?  While we're getting some of those questions loaded  so that I can ask you guys.  All right.  Nelson, which new cast member on this season  would you add to your inquiry squad?  Oh, no question about it.  Jeremiah.  Jeremiah.  Yeah.  Hands down.  Why Jeremiah?  Because he just reminded of young me.  To be honest, he had to wait.  He came in.  He wanted to prove himself.  And just the way he just interacted with everybody.  Everybody loved him.  He was a cool dude.  He had his head on straight.  But you know, TYB.  TYB, he wanted to join the crew.  But I don't know if he has what it takes.  We're just going to have to find out.  But another physical guy that I kind of wanted to get on the team.  He's reading now.  He said one.  Hells.  Well, I want to be greedy.  Can I be a little greedy?  Yes.  I got you.  Hells, man.  The guy came in looking like a beast.  Doesn't he go?  East, man.  So he was a cool dude too.  Really got to know him on the show.  But unfortunately, I don't know if he made the cut either.  So we're just going to have to watch and see how that went.  Kyle, I want to know without revealing any names,  were there any pop-offs with the newbies?  Any pop-offs?  There was loads of pop-offs with the newbies.  They all just popped off of each other.  It was amazing.  It's not true.  We got into this thing called deliberation, where we all decided stuff.  I'm not going to spoil anything.  I'm not going to spoil anything.  No more.  No more.  No more.  Don't, don't, don't, don't hold me.  Don't hold me.  No.  You joke, Kyle.  I love it.  They just all tried to kill each other.  It was amazing.  I was just sitting back watching.  That sounds like something you would do.  Kyle and Big T, you and CT have had your ups and downs.  We've seen that play out, right?  How do you think your relationship will be this season?  And do you think you guys might work together?  Well, you know, I don't want to say too much.  But like, you know, I feel as if, you know, off the reunion show,  me and CT left off in a very good place, you know?  So I think that's what I can probably say without revealing too much.  Oh, I'm like, oh, I love a woman who follows the rules and has an accent.  Big T, oh, how I adore you.  But Kyle, you did a good job too.  I'm proud of you for not giving away too much.  Speaking of giving things away, you guys, because you know I love you.  Our viewers are challenged, extended family.  So I did some digging and I found two top secret clips that were never supposed to air.  You know, I'm a little bit petty like that.  Just a little bit.  I talked to TJ and he said I can only show you one of those two clips.  So I have two briefcases.  One briefcase has a clip of a fight and the other briefcase has a clip of a hooker.  I'm just having now one is far more interesting.  Interesting than the other.  Okay, one is so choose wise.  I can't tell you which one is far more interesting than the other.  The one is pick wise.  One is far more interesting than the other.  I'm just going to say it.  We're going to look at the meter and see which one does choose.  One is far.  Everything we wanted.  I choose that.  And I think you can trust the cast.  I know the cast is suspect, but you can trust the cast this time.  You can trust them this time.  One is far more interesting than the other.  Oh my gosh.  You guys pick a fight.  Oh my gosh.  Guys, they obviously don't trust you guys.  Can I just say it?  They don't trust you guys.  You guys will.  You guys will.  You guys will.  But that's okay.  TJ rolled the tape.  They were for the reunion.  It's not a lot of you, Fessie, bro.  It's hard for me to be around you because you're the lively you stuff.  I'm sorry for what I did, but I'm not fucking coming after you.  I'm going to let it play out.  I'm not going to batch you name.  I'm not here for a vendetta.  I'm just going to go with the flow.  And I told Corey and I told Josh the same thing.  I'm just going to see the right moment.  But don't get it twisted.  My guard is up.  You guys, I mean, a secret footage.  But y'all should have seen what was on the other clip.  But maybe you guys will just have to watch more aftermaths in the future  and see if I can get that clip out to you.  Now, we have a few more things to get to.  But first, let's check.  You know, I feel good.  The temperature.  How does the temperature feel in here for you guys?  It feels pretty good.  I wonder how it feels for Josh.  Josh, how's it going over there?  You guys are savages.  I'm suffering.  It's cold.  It's cold as hell in the studio.  It's all right.  It's all cold.  It's all cold.  It's all cold.  I know he's holding it in.  It's all cold as shit.  It's all cold as shit.  It's all cold as shit.  Breathe out, Josh.  You can take a deep breath.  It's all right.  Okay.  You guys, you know what?  I think too.  Because I don't want you to get too hot, Josh.  I feel like we should add some ice.  So we're going to add ice.  So that duct tape.  Just a little bit.  It's like a big show.  It's a hot summer day.  This is the one and there you go.  Put in lots of ice.  There you go.  I'm going to put in a fresh ice tube.  I'm going to put in a fresh ice tube.  Can you ever produce all of that?  Yes.  There you go.  You know this is the aftermath, Josh?  I'm in charge here.  There you go.  I'm in charge here.  There you go.  TJ, somebody said TJ would love watching these shows.  Yes, he does.  Somebody said they're so freaking ready for the season.  Everyone is.  Oh, and Reynolds, you are right.  All right.  Let me give you guys another clue so we can figure out how you guys can  dunk Josh.  We don't want this to end with Josh Dry.  That's not how this works.  So the next clue to guessing my super secret word is it is something that was introduced  during the challenge vendetta.  So this word was something that was introduced during the challenge vendetta.  And an extra hint, Nelson don't say anything, was that Nelson was the first person to receive one.  Nelson was the first person to receive this super secret word, which is also a twist that was introduced.  Don't say anything.  Nobody say anything.  All right, Josh, looking up there, we will check back in with you once you are an icicle.  Now let's get into the last topic.  You guys, we are live.  They can hear and see you.  And quit telling the secret.  Quit telling the secret.  Well, we want them to dunk well.  Well, they figured it out.  Well, they figured it out.  All right, this is true.  Okay, you guys.  Let's get into this last topic.  Something you all know a lot about.  And that is challenges and eliminations.  Let's check this out.  This is the hardest thing to have ever done.  Oh, my God.  Please, stop it.  A new mission has been activated.  The world of secrets is...  This is the hardest thing to have ever done.  Oh, my God.  Please, stop it.  Please.  Please, stop it, please.  Please, stop it.  Please.  Please.  I'm scared of s**t.  I'm terrified.  Let's get down wall.  Let's get down wall.  Let's get down wall.  Let's get down wall.  Let's get down wall.  Let's get down wall.  So what we've seen so far,  it looks like TJ took these challenges to the next level.  That man came up with ideas while he was sitting at home.  He had helicopters, spy technology, lamboes, airplanes,  heights over water, and underwater caves.  It's a lot.  And I want to get an audience question in on this one.  But while we get that ready and sorted, Amanda, I want to know,  Amanda, we're here.  We're live.  Pay attention.  We're trying to figure out the word.  We're trying to figure out the word.  Be here, be here.  Be present.  Be present in the moment.  All right.  So in the...  Since this has been a while since you've been here,  do you feel like TJ has really elevated the challenges since you've been back  when you think about, you know, the last appearance you had?  Yeah.  Oh my gosh.  I feel like they have no sense for our safety.  We do the craziest things.  Definitely, you know, as you saw on the promo,  people are getting hurt left and right.  There's blood spilling, like, I mean, you really got to be on your A game here.  So, yeah, the challenges have definitely went way up.  Eliminations went way up.  So it's going to be probably one of the best seasons yet.  I don't think they've brought a lot of tips.  I don't think they've signed up for it.  I don't...  Oh my god, I'm telling you.  These rookies had no idea what to expect.  When they came to these challenges, they were not ready.  And we weren't ready either.  To be honest.  Yeah.  I just imagine many challenges you do.  You show up and you still feel the same anxiety than all the rookies feel.  I mean, that's probably true.  And I mean, you mentioned like no concern for like the safety piece.  I don't know, because I feel like they didn't care about that either back when we were doing battle seasons and free agents.  But the amount of just like tech and cool stuff that they brought in.  And big teeth, we've seen your fear of heights.  We've seen you break through that.  It looks like there's a helicopter this year too.  How are you?  How are you, Hayley?  And do you feel more confident having done it before?  Or are you still just scared out of your pants?  Well, I thought I'd conquered my fear of heights.  And then they just kept throwing me back into the situation over and over again.  And yeah, I'm still recovering from it all actually.  That trailer got me all sweaty and like nervous again remembering all of it.  Oh my gosh, it looks so crazy.  Okay, now I think we're going to go to an audience question that they have for you guys.  And so the audience wants to know, I'm just going to wait for that to pop on the screen.  The audience, I know there's so many questions they're sort of coming in so fast.  We're trying to get to them.  They want to know what are two words Devon that you would use to describe this season?  I mean, there aren't enough to describe this season.  But if I have to pick two, it's got to be sexual.  Okay.  And it's got to be sexual and it's got to be dominant because the people that did well did really, really well.  And there is an alliance that nobody saw coming.  Yeah.  And it was.  Epic.  It was sexual and dominant.  It was sexual.  I feel like I'm trying to.  I feel like I'm taking away from those two words to describe and see how I'm about y'all at home.  But I'm a little bit trauma that and then we know Devon with his own speedo.  I feel like it's a lot.  It's just a lot to take in.  Nonny, you made it to the final last season.  Yeah.  We've been in the final together.  Did that really boost your confidence coming into this season, like kind of put you back into the game fresh or did it have an impact?  Yeah, I would say.  I'm definitely going to the final.  I went to that final and I got to the end and I was just kind of in shock that I actually made it to the final.  And I was just more excited to be there.  So coming into the season, yeah, I definitely came in a little more confident.  I came in way more focused and I was just like, okay, like I'm not here to just play.  Like I'm here to win.  I want to get to this final and I really want to like compete and like, you know, cross that finish line and get a w.  Yes, get it, girl.  We love that.  And Kyle, I mean, this season is pretty epic.  We can all agree.  Do you feel like it's more unpredictable without giving anything away, Kyle?  You've done so well.  I haven't had to blow the horn.  But do you feel like this season is more unpredictable than ever with all the challenges you guys have to do?  Missions.  I honestly feel like I'm on horn watch here.  I don't know how I'm not divulging information.  It's incredible.  I just feel like regurgitate and spoilers all the time.  But yes, it was unpredictable and every time we turned up to a challenge, I was like,  TJ, are you serious in this one?  Like, what's going on here?  You just tried to kill us over and over and over.  So it is unpredictable.  Oh, that's it!  Oh, no!  I got it!  No!  The mystery world is so awesome!  That is right.  We're going to dunk us.  Excited!  Woo!  Oh, God!  It's there we go!  Nice and ice cold guys.  Oh, I love that.  Nice and ice cold.  Okay, so I have to say that that's probably one of my favorite parts of this show.  If you're a new gush, you're such a good sport.  How do you feel?  Do you need a towel?  Yes, I need a towel.  I need a hot cocoa.  I think he wants to just swim in it for a while too.  Wow, they will get him a towel.  Thank you for being such a good sport.  All right, now that was one of my favorite parts of the show.  And now for my other favorite part of this show, Game Time!  You haven't got the smash of water.  I'm surfing.  I'm wet.  Now, if you've watched the challenge aftermath in the past,  you know that I always like to end it with a game.  Josh, we're live.  So since we're live at home and you all are a part of the extended challenge family,  I want to give you the ability to choose which game these guys play.  So your options are picture-ary.  We played that game before on the aftermath.  Fancy is surprisingly good at that game.  Or you guys can pick the shock game, which is new.  Yeah.  And it's dangerous as it sounds.  Again, you guys choose wisely, okay?  Shock game?  I'm going to give you about 15 seconds.  Which one you guys, yeah.  Shock game.  Shock game.  Shock game.  Shock game.  Shock game.  Shock game.  Yeah.  Hitching.  Oh, and it looks like we are going with shock game.  Yeah.  Yes.  I love you guys.  All right.  So I'm going to bring it out here.  All right.  This is the shock game.  All right.  I'm going to set this on the table for you all.  This is so fun.  Now, you each are going to get a joystick.  So take the joystick that is closest to you.  Okay.  Turn it on here.  It's on.  Make sure the number of players are set.  So go ahead.  Come grab a joystick and just hold it in your hand.  All right.  And they're put your finger over the little...  Yeah, let me get that one.  Yeah, you get that one.  There you go, Amanda.  There you go.  Got it, Deb?  Okay.  Wait.  You want it to be on the...  Let it sit on the ground.  There we go.  There we go, guys.  All right.  So what's going to happen?  Why are you are...  Josh, you look so good in here.  Why are you all back up there?  We're so happy that you're here.  Okay.  So you're going to hold that finger...  Notting...  Put your finger over the button.  There we go.  Hold finger over the button.  It's okay if it doesn't work.  Hold this for a second.  No.  Josh, don't do it.  My legs are going to be wet.  I'm happy.  I'm happy.  I'm sorry.  God damn it.  This is what I'm saying.  Oh, God.  You guys look...  It's like children.  Hold this.  It's like...  Sit still and be quiet.  So when I say go, we're going to press the center button.  You have your finger over the button at the top.  You do not want to be the first to press it.  You do not want to be the last to press it.  You want to press your button.  Not even going to lose.  You want to press your button.  When the music stops in the middle.  Do not be the last person.  If you are, you will get shocked and be out of the game.  All right.  Are you ready?  Oh my God.  And...  Okay.  Go.  It's...  I'm going to sew people.  All right.  This is Vince.  It's going to stop.  It's going to press it right when it stops.  You're going to press it right when it stops.  What is it?  It's going to stop at any time.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  All right.  Okay.  The demo has...  But it's only the one person.  I mean, you were the last.  You were too slow to answer.  All right.  Okay.  We're going to do another round.  All right.  And this time, we're going to up it a little bit.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  You don't.  You don't.  That's it.  You have to...  It's like musical chairs, right?  You want to get a chair.  You want to stop it right on time.  You were the last dev.  So that's why you got shocked.  Okay.  We're going to do it one more time.  Press this in her button, please.  Nelson or Devon?  There we go.  Okay.  Oh.  I'm in.  Such a cheater.  You guys.  I'm in.  You guys are so lucky.  Okay.  One more time.  No.  Hold on.  Hold on.  Oh my gosh.  These people cannot fall into this.  I was just telling you to fold the rule.  There it is, folks.  Thank you so much to our cast.  I love you all.  Thank you for being here.  Thank you to Big G and Kyle for dialing in as well.  Love you guys.  Thank you to Josh for being such a big sport.  You look good with it.  It doesn't look bad on you.  In that robe, you can keep it.  It looks super fluffy.  And a very special thank you to you at home.  Our audience for joining with us all along the way.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  We love you.  All right, ready for the buss?  We're going to go to the jungle.  We're going to take Robert's interview.  The buss we'll be meeting tomorrow.  let's take Robert's interview.